 Hintel, portula, verna, noitid, oi. Alas, I climb the old town, open it. This is open and keep it from down your steps. That's the misconception that you've got and I told you about that too. Make sure you have a portula, verna, noitid, oi. We'll see you two at this portula, September. Half my day we see it in the boat for a week. And so much of the trust and obey, that is the only way you can be happy and have a chance. And I gave off the whole of the last weekend's we both out. But I won't hear this one. You can drink it, go with the drink song. But going to be in the lot of ritual as I made this month, September. We try pretty hard. For the ghost concussion, we use the blood of Jesus. We use the unwanted oil. We use the blesses sauce. If most of us are all of us in the Holy Jesus, you can never remain the same after this motocelter. And you know the devil has three words called the battle to do in the life of so many men. And today there are no you chose. I pray that you don't love the enemy or the world use of your blessing the mighty name of Jesus. Amen. Please follow the order. Keep it from the low seat. It's an instruction. Let's be comfortable. That would be that brought. I was told every Sunday and I can be ordered. Open your oil. Keep it from the low seat. And not say, please keep it where you will not keep it. But for make sure your quality is the contact of the shape. For those that are not sure to see the world is not for one. Mine is to stay where I am told. Mine is to do what? Say if I'm not told, I will not say no. I have never said it before. As I was prepared for the motocelter, my teacher was me. He said my daughter. So many of my children in this commission lived to the river. So many of them are suffering they don't know me. And I was asked in call and asked if I'd have worked with you. Like the assistant don't say if you don't go with me, I will not go. I know. I will work quietly. Let's enter there. As you can be altered and the other one will be fine. We said the angel of comfort and the moon. And he took a call at the minute in the morning. And before I talk to him, two of these motocelter make sure you have made yourself every morning before you leave your house. I want your belt before you leave your hat with his body or put it in your dials. He said before you leave your house two of these motocelter make sure you do what and make yourself and decree what you want. It works. Tell him call this is what I want. You tell him the other way. But I'm going to tell him you know why you're going to be going to life. You'll be done pray before you go out. No power can stand there when you see it. He's a woman that brings you up. And I tell you I do it. They need to light and have seen in my life. He should be things and do it and they'll walk and they need to check the morning. Every morning before you go out take me seven or ten hours and make your heart and speak to your life. Come on your day. Tell him call for how and what you want your day to be. And make yourself in two to ten percent twenty-one spread about three times what you find out what you saw. What you feel what you're not and what you're doing. Tell yourself as when you decide out of the Holy Ghosts as I go out to day we don't go at each point in your mouth. As I go out today I carry this thing all of God out of my penning we show the past of the new ones just decree what you want this day. The mother of God said I have a whole new to my days so we like these the summons. That is what we've outed every year. I say to him and for soon because I have the Lord clearly. Every Sunday don't forget this is why you bring it to church. And I plan this called opening your body in what they know for the world. This morning what you look at this collection for people but this connection from what people are this connection from people but what is an evil and evil is the place of worship for people's spirit. Anything people is negative spirit. People of time just when we have this author of the book that is found out on the blood of Jesus and their own people. The people want have their own where they offer their sacrifices to do evil so is the place of worship for people's spirit. And some of our great-grandparents worshiped on this evil author and he did not go your parents did not even go. And we also pay your parents upon the day what you think the attached of this is this became and you author is a meeting point for people's spirit. Even author is a meeting point for people's spirits and most spirits with their and many families are connected to evil author we have author like the memory author where they worship water money water spirits the worship water so best the only for each and you go may be the perfect of whatever you are going to to the power from this spirit that was water they go to the water memory spirits their power was from the water we have the tree of where people washing their particular tree they are for images you go to there's the particular tree they don't cut it down they offer sacrifice sometimes they go used from that cause I know of the tree as I was putting up for the streeters for the whole day when you cut it it's clean it's clean guys it's clean guys they used to run walk out and say wash them up today sometimes they kill chicken take the neck move the front throw the floor because it's their own author just the way we come to the author or go to the break that's the way they go to that tree it's their own author we also have mask-grade author so best is their body mask-grade they don't tell that mask-grade it's not being human anything go when the mask-grade is coming everybody will part and I know you can't mask-grade I bought it back but they're washing the mask-grade as if they are going we have a positive author but like what to watch on home features and we also have wish-craft author wish-craft so what is the experience in the 90s when you're not after a long-term wish-craft experience you can be very clean with some of the important what I think I'm going to be on my own because the anybody they they are going to find their wish-craft amazing they are by the time you have what they are going to such better that's what someone you before they wish-craft author or you shouldn't you have people who wish-craft but you can you can you can you can wish-craft author don't tell you down don't don't go through those for wish- or they don't like you when you're ready to do that they don't like you don't be when you look they don't and you and don don't self that a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a them Hato, tu, mi, tu, son, me, Wai, tu, son, me, Is connected to an idol, Or a deity, What happens? It must trouble your destiny. What somebody asks that one by? What barat is the child of an idol? Child of a deity. Proper. Everything, the college idol of a deity. Your son and me, Your son and me, Your son and me, The idol will be contributing you. He don't be with the mother of child, But get better, child of a deity. Because of all she's so fine. She called you, never been born, child of a deity. Child of a deity, soul. And because of who gets calling you, soul. Nothing good can matter of his life. Why don't you, boy, he said no. I have more opportunities like this. Look at my face. They are buying houses. They are using houses. They are buying houses. They are getting married. They are giving back. I see where I am. So many people are coming here every time. We have been who saw still I feel. I will recognize that he cried out to the call of heaven. Now God has sent him heaven and make it the edit whose truth. Now God has lost the nostril of the heart. Now God has lost the heart of the father and the Johnnie. He said, Oh, you know, And he lied to my coos. Make me your own uncle and my brother. I lost him from my brother before me. And he left me and left me in pain. I have been part of another hell of an evil. So the family will have been to cry out to God's name. May heaven hear your voice. He will have to watch Jesus. Amen. And he will pass the heart of his flesh on nothing happens. He will not ever breathe from yet, okay? He said, But get the higher the last intuition. You will be the right thing. You will be the higher I will be the right thing to push. You have to go into your own place. So people must not run away. John goes, John goes, Oh, you son of a, Is a, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Is a God. Yes, so people must not run away. Ahmad, he did not, I have been part of this. And I don't. Is a God in the face. Is a need. So you can't be connected to an evil or not to your son name. To the name you care. Be careful the kind of names you give to your children. Even the kind of names you give to yourself. You know some people that bring up your brother themselves. And in them, I will do many of your name. What I have that bring up, When you are punished, you are done. And when you know that name. I was, I was so sorry, right? Ok, I have passed away. You passed away, You still know you can't present the best person. Yes, You get good names or you get a small name, even your son name and always he comes. What do you do? Yes, and as the result of his time, he is amazing. ma'aliyah poti. So, a person is on their forehead, on their shoulder, on their chest, on your body. As a person's feel is a map of treatment. You don't know that the deity has prepared your aspect of your body. As she told me, all things different you. As she told me, all things are different, not as they share going on. If the presence of the inside who pulls up or down and you Öfriends murdered, she didn't kill. Because they knew that they were doing. And you got a dinner. All the filings of what important.urs, παλ stakes, worse when a person dies. People say their body is covered with stump? At the first birthday of the assembly. Ngania 60 mismaki ambu mガラクション NacНAP sxmi QR loicios railroad 是 …in that course. That point of the connection between them and the audience. You don't give it to us very easily. You might ask it, you don't mind it. You might not be a quick switch. You very difficult like a man. How do you know there are people of hope? How? Maybe look at your life. You can know God has given you this bit of safety. So this is in the life, no more cheating. Every time you are in the river, every time you live in what that course is, find yourself in the village. You are able to achieve something, 30 something. Every time you see yourself as a young girl, as a child of eight years, nine years. You won't want that operator. Yes. You don't have to have physicality. You are doing your life like you fly over playing with little fly, wish cards. You are not? Like the shaking. Sometimes the work of them are happy. Even as I cannot buy time, you realize that it is my dream. I am feeling it. Wish cards. They are my dream and wish cards into your life. And you know, sometimes it is for the degree. It is for the cannot be in the teaching. It's a lot of talk. You will go. You will go on that. Yes. You know what you do. One straight sickness. How to get connected to an evil God that is truly for dedication? Truly for dedication? So there is dedication for you. Because people used to die earlier. Maybe that they are funny. I don't want my own child to die. They are wondering if they can get their time to a new world. This author take care of my child. Protect my child. Make sure your child is long. We can talk to each other. Or you call me an agreement. Give me money. And I am actually a ministerial. That is happy to get conversation. She's strange. A wealthy, concoctural practices. Yes. Yes. There are so many practices. I can explain my spirit. You are the one who is here. You are the one who is here. You see, the fact that you are in the world is the one who is here. Yes. There are so many practices. The connected people. Yes. Of that relationship, particularly, now with the whole foundation. Is there a plan that's going on? That is why. I think you have a point that ends you up for three or three days. When a person that is possessed, is your best friend. Come ahead and ask me, because this spirit will not take over you. This spirit will end on you. Don't be worried that you will reach on a real bed on the five. The rest is on a real bed. When a person walks together, when one part night, and you are in the relationship with that person, on the one side, you have to be able to distort you. Someone that was you, because you got connected with them, you are not afraid of them. So you got the relationship which is going on with your family. Because if you do, there are so many enemies that said back. Some reach my account. And it can be true if you want some money. When there's someone somebody that is in the office, they carry on their own business. They ask them to take it to their people office. I just want to take off. It's a place of washing. I think that is also a place that is where I wash their business. But it is that time that carry on made to their office. That's what I need to do. Carry on their business. So, at the start of the end, you may not do anything. Your name is someone that is in the office. Please be alert. I know you are in the office of the president. Oh, yeah. What are the facts of connection to people office? People office will be needed to make clear what they pass in. Do what? Make clear what they pass in on their family. They are, you have their problems. You cannot get people. I already said that you might be able you still less than for security and life. You still less life. Nothing comes out. You are obviously, you have nothing to show for this. You can be free to enter this. You can, when you be in a place 20 years, you come by half-court of life. You cannot buy to come walk out. Yes, they are walking hard everyday. You are feeling lonely, but you cannot tell what you do with it. You expect, because I am feeling lonely, or letting you off, nothing good can come out of that life. Nothing good, nothing to show for it. Your life is full of hope and down. They hired you to account it's 50,000. You can walk out of hope and down. What is that for you? You are doing well before you do it. You have to pay to your dad and not help him. He is not to give better better results. Then he gives better results. He is trying to remember you for the age. I should be good. And all the time, after this whole period, he is all about reaching with you. He is always better. And because he is not bad, when he gives you good results, he can join the club debacle and when you are quite unwell, when you are in the stadium. I have that age. I would say he gives better results. He is better than people of the first few years. He wants to go for the last few years. He wants to go with the same amount of energy. They will have quality transfer to all other people. They will never give it to them. It's a lot of time to see the sacrifice that they have to offer them. These only parts in different parts are not there. They will prevent that. When they will not remember what they did, they will not be able to do it. But because they will offer it, they can be right for them. They can only be the foot of the foot. Please every body to come here and listen. Don't learn your dancing and dancing down. And make sure you are not sleeping. Don't come to show your sleep. Rest of your head. What is another difference of being connected to your body? Providence and kindness. No achievement. Some yet to be pop out in an emptiness. And my came yesterday morning. I wanted to tell me what my problem is. Look at me. I am healthy. I am strong. I am 55 years old. But I don't have a room for my head. I'm squatting with a friend. I want these moves. I do the parameters on this. I don't see work. I feel the form of the body. I will talk to my我的. I take responsibility for whatever things that you do. I beg your help, Mr. towel. I pray for you tove a touch on me. I pray that the body that you usually would take on is the body. The body is mine. Say, please. But when someone hits me? Because I didn't know what I could do. I don't say it very very often. He's only got that I help you. Why can't you pray to a cause who changes your situation? You really want help me there. He will not. The heart can make this comment. Okay, that means the best time for what we make sure. He's watching music. I must say it again. Because I want you to humanize that in your mind. They do this together. The heart needs a lot of time. I'm not totally being annoyed. This is what you like to be. You said you didn't come back with that. I'm not going to show for you. Yes. Because there are people all that are learning to learn. That is why I will give. I want you to call your name and tell them the Lord. I will give them the Jesus. Great point. Thank you. My name is Jesus. My name is Jesus. When you are watching music, just. is God's reward. Mother tongue. hendid y I hope before you, I hope before you, before you see now, I say, Swimming to my life, I'm on my life, I'm on my scene, I'm on my scene, I said to you, I said to you, I said to you. My daughter, I'm a daughter, I said to you, Jesus, my dream day. What if the word out again is to believe God with your faith and believe God's presence? Don't look down on God's presence. Don't use big big men and big women on God to judge any person because God can use any person to bless me. So, inside that place you're thinking your blessing will come from a lot of people. But we need to walk and believe our people. We'll call the need for chapters and we'll do a four-new rule. And we need God's presence and instruction. May we tell you the fact that we are Jesus. May we the mother of Jesus, the enemy of the mother. He told you this fact that whatever he tells you to do, do it. Do this. All our way out is to pray for our lengthiness. Don't be a brother's Christian. Don't be a netic Christian. If one prays for his grace, you can pray. How can you be the divine? You come to judge your sleeping. How can you receive how can you be the divine? You don't job down. You don't notice how do you grow? Let go of prayer and believe. But who said the following takes it by force? This would not be able to take what he loves to you. God will promise you a very good destiny. Very not to fight for that destiny. You have to fight for what he loves to you because the Bible said that every second is devil. He is moving to have fruit, seeking who to divine. Don't say that the common people do still and do this story. So because God promised you beautiful destiny, those money that that destiny would just come easily. You have to fight for it. How can it be way out? And I'm going out with the ghost of prophetic helping out. When you have tried what you cannot be human being, you have to be a ghost of prophetic helping out. Go to a prophet or a prophet. Because God has given them a measure of grace. They are ghost, ghost men, ghost, ghost humanity. He has got gold. They still want to come on scene. Three passes can't stay the same water. What you may not have is any shape. It is even more difficult and the quality of the prevents. Yes. Don't say that I will have a measure of what will happen. One person's high choice. But that's what makes him go. There's a major of Christian and the prophet's head on his prophets. When you have, when you have quality of the prophets, the prophet's head, there's a measure of great God that gives you. It's not because of the righteous. It's just because of the ghost. And it's just because of the bad or the evil. So, what's more, prophetic and the bad things? When you have one volume count. And you have the volume count. And you have the volume count. And you have the volume count. And you may be lost to your quality of the prophets. What is the way out? Our blind polyphose concoction. What is the only lost concoction? A lot of chisels. And they are going to be taking into being. You have one to point. I want you to embrace the yoga. This is one to point and not just one time. We pray on them every time they do the prayer. You need to stop. Come and not go. So, tell them okay, is there? What do they have to know? Do your faith and cannot do your faith and cannot do it? A lot of people can be their mother and mother. They can bring to you. This is the way out. Don't let your people know that they are going to tell you. Make sure you bring to church every time. Then if you bring to my worship or bring to keep me from telling you, do I go right and don't do? What is your contact? I am breaking the laws. From this church. But the truth of the master is God's. It is the reason I have to be told on so many of them. Because of 40 foundations. Because of people of God. Speaking, not because of their own making. Their feelings. Where they are coming from. They are coming from. Because of the foundation of power. So, basically, I will tell you. You will be something to somebody. And you will know that the person who knows who is God will be in costume. And you begin to walk. Or you will not begin to be nine. You will be six. What is the force? What is the force of your life? Because of your life. Because of the reason. You did something wrong to you. I pray for you to go from the family's aminesis. And you will be happy. You will not be happy. You will be happy. You will not be happy. You will not be happy. And you will be happy. And you will be happy.